README.md, before:

# Weekly Challenge: Six -

## Server-Side APIs Challenge: Weather Dashboard

University of Utah
Full-Stack Web Development Coding Bootcamp

-Fall 2022 - Spring 2023

## Description

  Welcome to the Weather Dashboard project! This week's challenge tasks you with building a dynamic weather dashboard that operates right in your browser. Utilizing Server-Side APIs, your dashboard will offer real-time updates and visually engaging displays of weather data through HTML and CSS.

## User Story

  * AS A traveler
  * I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
  * SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly

## Acceptance Criteria 

  * GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs
  * WHEN I search for a city
  * THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city  and that city is added to the search history
  * WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
  * THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, and the the wind speed
  * WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
  * THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity
  * WHEN I click on a city in the search history
  * THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city

## Screen Shot

![alt_text](./images/Screenshot(108).png)
![alt_text](./images/Screenshot(109).png)

## Application Link

https://thekelsenator.github.io/Server-Side-API-Weather-Dashboard-06/

Commit message:

adding license and updating readME

README.md, after:

# Weekly Challenge: Six -

## Server-Side APIs Challenge: Weather Dashboard

University of Utah
Full-Stack Web Development Coding Bootcamp

-Fall 2022 - Spring 2023

## Description

  Welcome to the Weather Dashboard project! This week's challenge tasks you with building a dynamic weather dashboard that operates right in your browser. Utilizing Server-Side APIs, your dashboard will offer real-time updates and visually engaging displays of weather data through HTML and CSS.

  ## Table of Contents 

  - [User Story](#user-story)
  - [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Screenshots](#screenshots)
  - [Links](#links)
  - [Contact Me](#contact-me)

## User Story

  * AS A traveler
  * I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
  * SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly

## Acceptance Criteria 

  * GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs
  * WHEN I search for a city
  * THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city  and that city is added to the search history
  * WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
  * THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, and the the wind speed
  * WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
  * THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity
  * WHEN I click on a city in the search history
  * THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city

## License

  This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.
  [License Information](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit)
  <br/>
  <br/>
  <a href="https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue" />
  </a>

## Screenshots

![alt_text](./images/Screenshot(108).png)
![alt_text](./images/Screenshot(109).png)

## Links

  * Application Link: https://thekelsenator.github.io/Server-Side-API-Weather-Dashboard-06/
  * LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kelsey-o-kelley-23057a20b/

## Contact Me

Feel free to reach out to me via email at km.okelley89@gmail.com or through my LinkedIn.
